-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 LKV12nT1d4BKvkykD9OAUDX8qgfc8AWPY9oKjvAuGUZ+ojZWbkKSwt8qFgCUPDtL
 NtDccXJOUc7mq6aZQklzmA==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000891092-04-004302.txt : 20040830
<SEC-HEADER>0000891092-04-004302.hdr.sgml : 20040830
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20040830161825
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000891092-04-004302
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20040826
ITEM INFORMATION:		Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
FILED AS OF DATE:		20040830
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20040830

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MICROS SYSTEMS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000320345
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		IRS NUMBER:				521101488
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0826

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-09993
		FILM NUMBER:		041005633

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7031 COLUMBIA GATEWAY DRIVE
		CITY:			COLUMBIA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21046-2289
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4432856000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7031 COLUMBIA GATEWAY DRIVE
		CITY:			COLUMBIA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21046-2289
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>e18971_8k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8K
<TEXT>

                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                   ----------

                                    FORM 8-K

                                 CURRENT REPORT
     Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): August 26, 2004

                              MICROS SYSTEMS, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

          Maryland                       000-09993               52-1101488
(State or other jurisdiction            (Commission             (IRS Employer
     of incorporation)                 File Number)          Identification No.)

   7031 Columbia Gateway Drive, Columbia, Maryland              21046-2289
      (Address of principal executive offices)                  (ZIP Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: 443-285-6000

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions:

|_|   Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17
      CFR 230.425)

|_|   Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
      240.14a-12)

|_|   Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the
      Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

|_|   Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
      Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

<PAGE>

Section 2 - Financial Information

Item 2.02. Results of Operations and Financial Condition

The registrant's press release dated August 26, 2004, regarding its financial
results for the three- and twelve-month periods ended June 30, 2004, is attached
as Exhibit 99.1 to this Form 8-K

Note: The information in Item 2.02 of this Form 8-K, and Exhibit 99, attached,
shall not be deemed "filed" for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall such information and exhibit be
deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except as shall
be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

Section 5 - Corporate Governance and Management

Item 5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal
Year

The registrant amended Article II, Section 1 (Meeting of Shareholders - Annual
Meetings) and Article III, Section 1(b) (Board of Directors - Number, Election
and Term of Office) of its Bylaws effective on August 26, 2004.

Article II, Section 1 of the Bylaws previously provided that the annual meeting
of the registrant's shareholders would be held in February of each year. As
amended, Article II, Section 1 provides that the annual meeting will be held in
November of each year. This amendment was made to conform the registrant's
Bylaws to the registrant's practice for holding annual meetings of its
shareholders and to Section 2-501(c) of Maryland General Corporation Law and to.

Article III, Section 1(b) of the Bylaws previously provided that the members of
the Board of Directors were to be elected by a majority of the votes cast at a
meeting of shareholders. As amended, Article III, Section 1(b) provides that the
members of the Board of Directors will be elected by a plurality of the votes
cast at a meeting of shareholders. This amendment was made to conform the
registrant's Bylaws to Section 2-404(d) of the Maryland General Corporation Law.

Additionally, several legacy typographical mistakes and non-substantive errors
were corrected.

A copy of the Bylaws, as amended, is attached as Exhibit 3(ii) to this Form 8-K.

<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

                                    MICROS Systems, Inc.

                                    By: /s/ Gary C. Kaufman
                                    ---------------------------------
                                    Name: Gary C. Kaufman
                                    Title: Executive Vice-President, Finance and
                                    Administration, and Chief Financial Officer

Date: August 26, 2004

<PAGE>

EXHIBIT INDEX:

3(ii) - Bylaws
99.1 - Press Release



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.(II)
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>e18971ex3ii.txt
<DESCRIPTION>BY LAWS
<TEXT>
                                                                   Exhibit 3(ii)

                                     BY-LAWS

                                       OF

                              MICROS SYSTEMS, INC.

                                   ----------

ARTICLE I - OFFICES

The office of the Corporation shall be located in the City and State designated
in the Articles of Incorporation. The Corporation may also maintain offices at
such other places within or without the United States as the Board of Directors
may, from time to time, determine.

ARTICLE II - MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS

Section 1 - Annual Meetings:

The annual meeting of the shareholders of the Corporation shall be held on such
day and time in November of each year as the Board of Directors shall select
(subject to applicable law and any other applicable provision of these by-laws),
for the purpose of electing directors, and transacting such other business as
may properly come before the meeting. (2004 Amendment)

Section 2 - Special Meetings:

Special meetings of the shareholders may be called at any time by the Board of
Directors or by the President, and shall be called by the President or the
Secretary at the written request of the holders of twenty-five percent (25%) of
the shares then outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, or as otherwise
required under the provisions of the laws of Maryland on Corporations and
Associations. (Amendment of 1/14/81)

Section 3 - Place of Meetings:

All meetings of shareholders shall be held at the principal office of the
Corporation, or at such other places as shall be designated in the notices or
waivers of notice of such meetings.

Section 4 - Notice of Meetings:

(a) Written notice of each meeting of shareholders, whether annual or special,
stating the time when and place where it is to be held, shall be served either
personally or by mail, not less than ten or more than fifty days before the
meeting, upon each shareholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting, and
to any other shareholder to whom the giving of notice may be required by law.
Notice of a special meeting shall also state the purpose or purposes for which
the meeting is called, and shall indicate that it is being issued by, or at the
direction of, the person or persons calling the meeting. If, at any meeting,
action is proposed to be taken that would, if taken, entitle shareholders to
receive payment for their shares pursuant to the Business Corporation Act, the
notice of such meeting shall include a statement of that purpose and to that
effect. If mailed, such notice shall be directed to each such shareholder at his
address, as it appears on the records of the shareholders of the Corporation,
unless he shall have previously filed with the Secretary of the Corporation a
written request that notices intended for him be mailed to some other address,
in which case, it shall be mailed to the address designated in such request.

(b) If a record date is not set by the Board of Directors, notice of any meeting
need not be given to any person who may become a shareholder of record after the
mailing of such notice and prior to the meeting, or to any shareholder who
attends such meeting, in person or by proxy or to any shareholder who, in person
or by proxy, submits a signed waiver of notice either before or after such
meeting. Notice of any adjourned meeting of shareholders need not be given,
unless otherwise required by statute. (Amendment of 10/20/81.)

<PAGE>

Section 5 - Quorum:

(a) Except as otherwise provided herein, or by statute, or in the Articles of
Incorporation (such Articles and any amendments thereof being hereinafter
collectively referred to as the "Articles of Incorporation"), at all meetings of
shareholders of the Corporation, the presence at the commencement of such
meetings in person or by proxy of shareholders holding of record a majority of
the total number of shares of the Corporation then issued and outstanding and
entitled to vote, shall be necessary and sufficient to constitute a quorum for
the transaction of any business. The withdrawal of any shareholder after the
commencement of a meeting shall have no effect on the existence of a quorum,
after a quorum has been established at such meeting.

(b) Despite the absence of a quorum at any annual or special meeting of
shareholders, the shareholders, by a majority of the votes cast by the holders
of the shares entitled to vote thereon, may adjourn the meeting. At any such
adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present, any business may be transacted
which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally called if a quorum
had been present.

Section 6 - Voting:

(a) Except as otherwise provided by statute or by the Articles of Incorporation,
any corporate action, other than the election of directors to be taken by vote
of the shareholders, shall be authorized by a majority of votes cast at a
meeting of shareholders by the holders of shares entitled to vote thereon.

(b) Except as otherwise provided by statute or by the Articles of Incorporation,
at each meeting of shareholders, each holder of record of shares of the
Corporation entitled to vote thereat, shall be entitled to one vote for each
share registered in his name on the books of the Corporation.

(c) Each shareholder entitled to vote, or to express consent or dissent without
a meeting, may do so by proxy; provided, however, that the instrument
authorizing such proxy to act shall have been executed in writing by the
shareholder himself, or by his attorney-in-fact thereunto duly authorized in
writing. No proxy shall be valid after the expiration of eleven months from the
date of its execution, unless the persons executing it shall have specified
therein the length of time it is to continue in force. Such instrument shall be
exhibited to the Secretary at the meeting and shall be filed with the records of
the Corporation.

(d) Any resolution in writing, signed by all of the shareholders entitled to
vote thereon, shall be and constitute action by such shareholders to the effect
therein expressed, with the same force and effect as if the same had been duly
passed by unanimous vote at a duly called meeting of shareholders and such
resolution so signed shall be inserted in the Minute Book of the Corporation
under its proper date.

ARTICLE III - BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Section 1 - Number, Election and Term of Office:

(a) The number of directors of the Corporation shall be not less than five (5)
nor more than nine (9), unless and until otherwise determined by vote of a
majority of the entire Board of Directors. (Amendment of 9/23/91.)

(b) Except as may otherwise be provided herein or in the Articles of
Incorporation, the members of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, who
need not be shareholders, shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast at a
meeting of shareholders, by the holders of shares entitled to vote in the
election.

(c) Each director shall hold office until the annual meeting of the shareholders
next succeeding his election, and until his successor is elected and qualified,
or until his prior death, resignation or removal.

Section 2 - Duties and Powers:

The Board of Directors shall be responsible for the control and management of
the affairs, property and interests of the Corporation, and may exercise all
powers of the Corporation, except as are in the Articles of Incorporation or by
statute expressly conferred upon or reserved to the shareholders.

<PAGE>

Section 3 - Annual and Regular Meetings; Notice:

(a) A regular annual meeting of the Board of Directors shall be held immediately
following the annual meeting of the shareholders, at the place of such annual
meeting of shareholders.

(b) The Board of Directors, from time to time, may provide by resolution for the
holding of other regular meetings of the Board of Directors, and may fix the
time and place thereof.

(c) Notice of any regular meeting of the Board of Directors shall not be
required to be given and, if given, need not specify the purpose of the meeting;
provided, however, that in case the Board of Directors shall fix or change the
time or place of any regular meeting, notice of such action shall be given to
each director who shall not have been present at the meeting at which such
action was taken within the time limited, and in the manner set forth in
paragraph (b) of Section 4 of this Article III, with respect to special
meetings, unless such notice shall be waived in the manner set forth in
paragraph (c) of such Section 4.

Section 4 - Special Meetings; Notice:

(a) Special Meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held whenever called by
the President or by one of the directors, at such time and place as may be
specified in the respective notices or waivers of notice thereof.

(b) Notice of special meetings shall be mailed directly to each director,
addressed to him at his residence or usual place of business, at least two (2)
days before the day on which the meeting is to be held, or shall be sent to him
at such place by telegram, radio or cable, or shall be delivered to him
personally or given to him orally, not later than the day before the day on
which the meeting is to be held. A notice, or waiver of notice, except as
required by Section 8 of this Article III, need not specify the purpose of the
meeting.

(c) Notice of any special meeting shall not be required to be given to any
director who shall attend such meeting without protesting prior thereto or at
its commencement, the lack of notice to him, or who submits a signed waiver of
notice, whether before or after the meeting. Notice of any adjourned meeting
shall not be required to be given.

Section 5 - Chairman:

At all meetings of the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board, if any and
if present, shall preside. If there shall be no Chairman, or he shall be absent,
then the President shall preside, and in his absence, a Chairman chosen by the
Directors shall preside.

Section 6 - Quorum and Adjournments:

(a) At all meetings of the Board of Directors, the presence of a majority of the
entire Board shall be necessary and sufficient to constitute a quorum for the
transaction of business, except as otherwise provided by law, by the Articles of
Incorporation, or by these By-Laws.

(b) A majority of the directors present at the time and place of any regular or
special meeting, although less than a quorum, may adjourn the same from time to
time without notice, until a quorum shall be present.

Section 7 - Manner of Action:

(a) At all meetings of the Board of Directors, each director present shall have
one vote, irrespective of the number of shares of stock, if any, which he may
hold.

(b) Except as otherwise provided by statute, by the Articles of Incorporation,
or by these By-Laws, the action of a majority of the directors present at any
meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors.
Any action authorized, in writing, by all of the directors entitled to vote
thereon and filed with the minutes of the corporation shall be the act of the
Board of Directors with the same force and effect as if the same had been passed
by unanimous vote at a duly called meeting of the Board.

<PAGE>

Section 8 - Vacancies:

(a) Any vacancy in the Board of Directors occurring by reason of the death,
resignation, disqualification, removal (unless a vacancy created by the removal
of a director by the shareholders shall be filled by the shareholders at the
meeting at which the removal was effected) or inability of any director to act,
or otherwise, shall be filled for the unexpired portion of the terms by a
majority vote of the remaining directors, though less than a quorum, at any
regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors called for that purpose.
(Amendment of 1/14/81.)

(b) Any vacancy in the Board of Directors occurring by reason of an increase in
the number of directors duly created pursuant to Section 1 of this Article shall
be filled until the election of the Board of Directors at the next annual
meeting of the shareholders by a majority vote of the entire Board of Directors.
(Amendment of 1/14/81.)

Section 9 - Resignation:

Any director may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Board of
Directors, the President or the Secretary of the Corporation. Unless otherwise
specified in such written notice, such resignation shall take effect upon
receipt thereof by the Board of Directors or such officer, and the acceptance of
such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.

Section 10 - Removal:

Any director may be removed with or without cause at any time by the
shareholders, at a special meeting of the shareholders called for that purpose,
and may be removed for cause by action of the Board.

Section 11 - Salary:

The Board of Directors may, by resolution, allow the payment of such fees and
expenses to members of the Board of Directors as the Board, in its discretion,
may determine to be appropriate; provided, however, that nothing herein
contained shall be construed to preclude any director from serving the
Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor.
(Amendment of 10/20/81.)

Section 12 - Contracts:

(a) No contract or other transaction between this Corporation and any other
corporation shall be impaired, affected or invalidated, nor shall any director
be liable in any way by reason of the fact that any one or more of the directors
of this Corporation is or are interested in, or is a director or officer, or are
directors or officers of such other corporation, provided that such facts are
disclosed or made known to the Board of Directors.

(b) Any director, personally and individually, may be a party to or may be
interested in any contract or transaction of this Corporation, and no director
shall be liable in any way by reason of such interest, provided that the fact of
such interest be disclosed or made known to the Board of Directors, and provided
that the Board of Directors shall authorize, approve or ratify such contract or
transaction by the vote (not counting the vote of any such director) of a
majority of a quorum, notwithstanding the presence of any such director at the
meeting at which such action is taken. Such director or directors may be counted
in determining the presence of a quorum at such meeting. This Section shall not
be construed to impair or invalidate or in any way affect any contract or other
transaction, which would otherwise be valid under the law (common, statutory or
otherwise) applicable thereto.

Section 13 - Committees:

The Board of Directors, by resolution adopted by a majority of the entire Board,
may from time to time designate from among its members an executive committee
and such other committees, and alternate members thereof, as they deem
desirable, each consisting of three or more members, with such powers and
authority (to the extent permitted by law) as may be provided in such
resolution. Each such committee shall serve at the pleasure of the Board.

<PAGE>

ARTICLE IV - OFFICERS

Section 1 - Number, Qualifications, Election and Term of Office:

(a) The officers of the Corporation shall consist of a President, a Secretary, a
Treasurer, and such other officers, including a Chairman of the Board of
Directors, and one or more Vice Presidents, as the Board of Directors may from
time to time deem advisable. Any officer other than the Chairman of the Board of
Directors may be, but is not required to be, a director of the Corporation. Any
two or more offices may be held by the same person, except the offices of
President and Secretary.

(b) The officers of the Corporation shall be elected by the Board of Directors
at the regular annual meeting of the Board following the annual meeting of
shareholders.

(c) Each officer shall hold office until the annual meeting of the Board of
Directors next succeeding his election, and until his successor shall have been
elected and qualified, or until his death, resignation or removal.

Section 2 - Resignation:

Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice of such resignation
to the Board of Directors, or to the President or the Secretary of the
Corporation. Unless otherwise specified in such written notice, such resignation
shall take effect upon receipt thereof by the Board of Directors or by such
officer, and the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make
it effective.

Section 3 - Removal:

Any officer may be removed, either with or without cause, and a successor
elected by the Board at any time.

Section 4 - Vacancies:

A vacancy in any office by reason of death, resignation, inability to act,
disqualification, or any other cause, may at any time be filled for the
unexpired portion of the term by the Board of Directors.

Section 5 - Duties of Officers:

Officers of the Corporation shall, unless otherwise provided by the Board of
Directors, each have such powers and duties as generally pertain to their
respective offices as well as such powers and duties as may be set forth in
these By-Laws, or may from time to time be specifically conferred or imposed by
the Board of Directors. The President shall be the chief executive officer of
the Corporation.

Section 6 - Sureties and Bonds:

In case the Board of Directors shall so require, any officer, employee or agent
of the Corporation shall execute to the Corporation a bond in such sum, and with
such surety or sureties as the Board of Directors may direct, conditioned upon
the faithful performance of his duties to the Corporation, including
responsibility for negligence and for the accounting for all property, funds or
securities of the Corporation which may come into his hands.

Section 7 - Shares of Other Corporations:

Whenever the Corporation is the holder of shares of any other corporation, any
right or power of the Corporation as such shareholder (including the attendance,
acting and voting at shareholders' meetings and execution of waivers, consents,
proxies or other instruments) may be exercised on behalf of the Corporation by
the President, any Vice President, or such other person as the Board of
Directors may authorize.

ARTICLE V - SHARES OF STOCK

Section 1 - Certificate of Stock:

(a) The certificates representing shares of the Corporation shall be in such
form as shall be adopted by the Board of Directors, and shall be numbered and
registered in the order issued. They shall bear the holder's name and the

<PAGE>

number of shares, and shall be signed by (i) the Chairman of the Board or the
President or a Vice President, and (ii) the Secretary, or any Assistant
Secretary, and may bear the corporate seal.

(b) No certificate representing shares shall be issued until the full amount of
consideration therefore has been paid, except as otherwise permitted by law.

(c) The Board of Directors may authorize the issuance of certificates for
fractions of a share which shall entitle the holder to exercise voting rights,
receive dividends and participate in liquidating distributions, in proportion to
the fractional holdings; or it may authorize the payment in cash of the fair
value of fractions of a share as of the time when those entitled to receive such
fractions are determined; or it may authorize the issuance, subject to such
conditions as may be permitted by law, of scrip in registered or bearer form
over the signature of an officer or agent of the Corporation, exchangeable as
therein provided for full shares, but such scrip shall not entitle the holder to
any rights of a shareholder, except as therein provided.

Section 2 - Lost or Destroyed Certificates:

The holder of any certificate representing shares of the Corporation shall
immediately notify the Corporation of any loss or destruction of the certificate
representing the same. The Corporation may issue a new certificate in the place
of any certificate theretofore issued by it, alleged to have been lost or
destroyed. On production of such evidence of loss or destruction as the Board of
Directors in its discretion may require, the Board of Directors may, in its
discretion, require the owner of the lost or destroyed certificate, or his legal
representatives, to give the Corporation a bond in such sum as the Board may
direct, and with such surety or sureties as may be satisfactory to the Board, to
indemnify the Corporation against any claims, loss, liability or damage it may
suffer on account of the issuance of the new certificate. A new certificate may
be issued without requiring any such evidence or bond when, in the judgment of
the Board of Directors, it is proper so to do.

Section 3 - Transfers of Shares:

(a) Transfers of shares of the Corporation shall be made on the share records of
the Corporation only by the holder of record thereof, in person or by his duly
authorized attorney, upon surrender for cancellation of the certificate or
certificates representing such shares, with an assignment or power of transfer
endorsed thereon or delivered therewith duly executed, with such proof of the
authenticity of the signature and of authority to transfer and of payment of
transfer taxes as the Corporation or its agents may require.

(b) The Corporation shall be entitled to treat the holder of record of any share
or shares as the absolute owner thereof for all purposes and, accordingly, shall
not be bound to recognize any legal, equitable or other claim to, or interest
in, such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it
shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise expressly
provided by law.

Section 4 - Record Date:

In lieu of closing the share records of the Corporation, the Board of Directors
may fix, in advance, a date not exceeding fifty days, nor less than ten days, as
the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive notice
of, or to vote at, any meeting of shareholders, or to consent to any proposal
without a meeting, or for the purpose of determining shareholders entitled to
receive payment of any dividends, or allotment of any rights, or for the purpose
of any other action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for the
determination of shareholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of
shareholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day
on which notice is given, or, if no notice is given, the day on which the
meeting is held; the record date for determining shareholders for any other
purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the resolution of
the directors relating thereto is adopted. When a determination of shareholders
of record entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of shareholders has
been made as provided for herein, such determination shall apply to any
adjournment thereof, unless the directors fix a new record date for the
adjourned meeting.

ARTICLE VI - DIVIDENDS

Subject to applicable law, dividends may be declared and paid out of any funds
available therefore, as often, in such amount, and at such time or times as the
Board of Directors may determine.

<PAGE>

ARTICLE VII - FISCAL YEAR

The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be fixed by the Board of Directors from
time to time, subject to applicable law.

ARTICLE VIII - CORPORATE SEAL

The corporate seal, if any, shall be in such form as shall be approved from time
to time by the Board of Directors

ARTICLE IX - INDEMNIFICATION
      (Added new to by-laws 12/1/89 - former Article IX became current Article
      X.)

Section 1 - Indemnification of Directors and Officers:

Persons who are or were directors or officers of the Corporation shall be
indemnified by the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by the general
laws of the State of Maryland, as now or hereafter in force, including the
advance of expenses under the procedures provided by such laws, in respect to
matters arising out of service in their capacities as directors or officers of
the Corporation or arising out of service at the request of the Corporation in
any capacity (including, but not limited to, as directors, officers, partners,
trustees, agents or employees) of any other organization (including, but not
limited to a direct or indirect subsidiary or affiliate of the Corporation,
another foreign or domestic corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust,
other enterprise or employee benefit plan).

Section 2 - Indemnification of Employees or Agents:

In the sole discretion of the Corporation, persons who are or were employees or
agents of the Corporation may be indemnified by the Corporation to any extent
permitted by the general laws of the State of Maryland, as now or hereafter in
force, including the advance of expenses, in respect to matters arising out of
service in their capacities as employees or agents of the Corporation or arising
out of service at the request of the Corporation in any capacity (including, but
not limited, as directors, officers, partners, trustees, agents or employees) of
any other organization (including, but not limited to, a direct or indirect
subsidiary or affiliate of the Corporation, another foreign or domestic
corporation, partnership joint venture, trust, other enterprise or employee
benefit plan).

Section 3 - Determinations:

(a)   With respect to persons who are or were directors or officers of the
      Corporation, any determination as to whether such person is entitled to
      indemnification under Section 1 above, including the advance of expenses,
      shall be made by independent legal counsel retained by the Corporation and
      appointed by either the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer.
      Any determination by such independent legal counsel to deny
      indemnification, including the advance of expenses, shall be subject at
      the request of the person who is denied indemnification, including the
      advance of expenses, to de novo review in any court that is appropriate
      under the general of laws of the State of Maryland or other applicable
      statutory or decisional law, as now or hereafter in force.

(b)   With respect to persons who are or were employees or agents of the
      Corporation, any determination by the Corporation under Section 2 above
      shall be made by:

                  (i) the Board of Directors or any committee designated by the
            Board of Directors;

                  (ii) the Chief Executive Officer; or

                  (iii) at the request of the Board of Directors, any committee
            designated by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer,
            by independent legal counsel retained by the Corporation and
            appointed by the Board of Directors, any committee designated by the
            Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer.

Section 4 - General:

The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who
is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or who,
while a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, is or was
serving at the request of the Corporation in any capacity (including, but not
limited to, as a director, officer,

<PAGE>

partner, trustee, employee or agent) of any other organization (including but
not limited to, a direct or indirect subsidiary or affiliate of the Corporation,
another foreign or domestic corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust,
other enterprise or employee benefit plan) against any liability asserted
against or incurred by such person in any such capacity or arising out of such
person's position, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to
indemnify such person under the general laws of the State of Maryland or other
applicable statutory or decisional law, as now or hereafter in force. The
Corporation may provide similar protection, including a trust fund, letter of
credit or surety bond, not inconsistent with the general laws of the State of
Maryland or other applicable statutory or decisional law, as now or hereafter in
force.

Section 5 - Effect of Amendment or Repeal:

No amendment of the by-laws of the Corporation or repeal of any of its
provisions shall limit or eliminate the benefits provided to directors,
officers, employees or agents of the Corporation under this Article Ninth with
respect to any act or omission that occurred prior to such amendment or repeal.

ARTICLE X - AMENDMENTS

Section 1 - By Shareholders:

All by-laws of the Corporation shall be subject to alteration or repeal, and new
by-laws may be made, by a majority vote of the shareholders at the time entitled
to vote in the election of directors.

Section 2 - By Directors:

The Board of Directors shall have power to make, adopt, alter, amend and repeal,
from time to time, by-laws of the Corporation; provided, however, that the
shareholders entitled to vote with respect thereto as in this Article X
above-provided may alter, amend or repeal by-laws made by the Board of
Directors, except that the Board of Directors shall have no power to change the
quorum for meetings of shareholders or of the Board of Directors, or to change
any provisions of the by-laws with respect to the removal of directors or the
filling of vacancies in the Board resulting from the removal by the
shareholders. If any by-laws regulating an impending election of directors is
adopted, amended or repealed by the Board of Directors, there shall be set forth
in the notice of the next meeting of shareholders for the election of directors,
the by-law so adopted, amended or repealed, together with a concise statement of
the changes made.

CORPORATE SEAL

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>e18971ex99_1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>

Exhibit 99.1

                    MICROS Reports Fiscal 2004 Year Results:
         Record Quarterly and Fiscal Year Revenue, Net Income and EPS;
                 Revenue, Net Income & EPS Exceed Expectations


    COLUMBIA, Md., Aug. 26 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- MICROS Systems, Inc.
(Nasdaq: MCRS), a leading supplier of information systems to the hospitality
and specialty retail industries, today announced the results for its fiscal
2004 fourth quarter and fiscal year ended June 30, 2004.  Revenue for the
quarter was $142.8 million, an increase of $20.6 million, or 16.9%, over the
same period last year.  Net income for the quarter was $12.4 million, an
increase of $3.7 million, or 41.6%, over the year ago fourth quarter.
Earnings per share, on a diluted basis, were $0.64 per share, an increase of
$0.16 per share, or 33.3%, over the year ago figure of $0.48.  The quarterly
revenue, net income and earnings per share are Company records.

    For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2004, MICROS's revenue was $487.4
million, an increase of $81.6 million, or 20.1%, over the same period last
year.  Net income for the fiscal year was $33.3 million, an increase of $11.5
million, or 52.8%, over last year.  Earnings per share, on a diluted basis,
were $1.73, an increase of $0.51 per share, or 41.8%, over the year ago figure
of $1.22.  The fiscal year revenue, net income and earnings per share are
Company records.

    The revenue, net income and earnings per share results for the fourth
quarter and fiscal year exceeded consensus expectations.

    Tom Giannopoulos, MICROS's Chairman and CEO stated: "We are extremely
pleased with our quarterly and fiscal year results for this record year.  We
had many accomplishments the past year including the successful execution of
the Datavantage acquisition, continued improvements in our financial metrics,
and numerous major customer wins across all three segment: hotels,
restaurants, and specialty retail.  I am extremely proud of our employees, as
they have made this past year a great success with their focus, hard work and
dedication, and I am also very grateful to our customers."

    MICROS's management guidance for the fiscal 2005 first quarter ending
September 30, 2004 is for revenue between $115.0 million and $119.0 million
and net income between $5.9 million and $6.9 million.  Revenue guidance for
the fiscal 2005 year ending June 30, 2005 has been increased above consensus
estimates with a range from $520.0 million to $530.0 million.  Guidance for
net income for fiscal 2005 is between $38.0 million and $41.0 million.

    MICROS's stock is traded through NASDAQ under the symbol MCRS.  Some of
the statements contained herein not based on historic facts are forward-
looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.  Some of those
uncertainties are: product demand and market acceptance; adverse economic
factors; impact of competitive products and pricing on margins; product
development delays and technological difficulties; and aggressively
controlling expenses.  Other risks are indicated in the MICROS Form 10-K and
other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  MICROS assumes no
obligation to update or supplement forward-looking statements that become
untrue because of subsequent events.




                             MICROS SYSTEMS, INC.
                 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
                   (In thousands, except per share amounts)

                                  Fourth Quarter Ended    Twelve Months Ended
                                        June 30,                June 30,
                                    2004       2003         2004      2003

    Revenue:
      Hardware                     $47,583    $41,671     $151,640  $137,013
      Software                      24,213     22,597       82,486    71,251
      Service                       71,009     57,900      253,317   197,593
    Total revenue                  142,805    122,168      487,443   405,857

    Cost of sales:
      Hardware                      33,345     29,571      105,507    98,037
      Software                       2,060      4,552       16,372    17,207
      Service                       33,624     25,852      116,455    92,054
    Total cost of sales             69,029     59,975      238,334   207,298

    Gross margin                    73,776     62,193      249,109   198,559

    Selling, general and
     administrative expenses        41,170     38,848      155,235   132,601
    Research and development
     expenses                        7,252      5,369       27,209    18,748
    Depreciation and amortization    2,753      2,718        9,831     8,888
    Total operating expenses        51,175     46,935      192,275   160,237

    Income from operations          22,601     15,258       56,834    38,322

    Non-operating (expense)
     income, net                      (869)      (254)         704    (1,127)

    Income before taxes, minority
     interests, and equity in net
     earnings of affiliates         21,732     15,004       57,538    37,195

    Income tax provision             9,091      6,201       23,592    15,078

    Income before minority
     interests and equity in
     net earnings of affiliates     12,641      8,803       33,946    22,117

    Minority interests and
     equity in net earnings
     of affiliates                   (196)       (17)        (667)     (335)

    Net income                     $12,445     $8,786      $33,279   $21,782

    Net income per common share:
      Basic                          $0.68      $0.49        $1.83     $1.24
      Diluted                        $0.64      $0.48        $1.73     $1.22

    Weighted-average number of
     shares outstanding:
      Basic                         18,383     17,786       18,227    17,502
      Diluted                       19,341     18,401       19,209    17,838



                             MICROS SYSTEMS, INC.
                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                (In thousands)

                                                         June 30,   June 30,
                                                          2004       2003
    ASSETS
    Current assets:
         Cash and cash equivalents                       $91,451    $45,682
         Accounts receivable, net                        101,367     98,700
         Inventories, net                                 36,095     31,864
         Deferred income taxes                             9,396      7,885
         Prepaid expenses and other current assets        16,242     17,860
             Total current assets                        254,551    201,991

    Property, plant and equipment, net                    19,550     20,179
    Deferred income taxes, non-current                    24,573     32,003
    Goodwill and intangible assets, net                   73,090     74,270
    Purchased and internally developed                    41,112     38,089
    software costs, net
    Other investments                                        415         10
    Other assets                                           2,785      3,473
    Total assets                                        $416,076   $370,015


    LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
    Current liabilities:
         Bank lines of credit                             $2,481     $10,185
         Current portion of long term debt                     0         363
         Current portion of capital lease obligations        139         106
         Accounts payable                                 29,681      24,177
         Accrued expenses and other current
          liabilities                                     58,693      44,240
         Income taxes payable                              1,541      10,102
         Deferred income taxes                               512         501
         Deferred service revenue                         43,019      38,538
              Total current liabilities                  136,066     128,212

    Capital lease obligations, net of current portion        166         198
    Deferred income taxes, non-current                    12,728      11,495
    Other non-current liabilities                          1,401       6,510
    Commitments and contingencies
    Minority interests                                     2,742       2,372

    Shareholders' equity:
         Common stock                                        458         450
         Capital in excess of par                         71,525      69,644
         Retained earnings                               185,658     152,381
         Accumulated other comprehensive
          income (loss)                                    5,332      (1,247)
              Total shareholders' equity                 262,973     221,228

    Total liabilities and shareholders' equity          $416,076    $370,015



SOURCE  MICROS Systems, Inc.
    -0-                             08/26/2004
    /CONTACT:  Peter J. Rogers, Jr., Vice President, Investor Relations, of
MICROS Systems, Inc., +1-443-285-8059, progers@micros.com/
    /Web site:  http://www.micros.com /
    (MCRS)

CO:  MICROS Systems, Inc.
ST:  Maryland
IN:  CPR LEI STW
SU:  ERN ERP


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
